removing legacy profiler arg (#9178)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: CHANGELOG.md

- Removed `teardown` from `ParallelPlugin` ([#8943](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/8943))

> - Removed `profiled_functions` argument from `PyTorchProfiler` ([#9178](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/9178))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed deprecated `profiled_functions` argument from `PyTorchProfiler` ([#9178](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/9178))
```

Author: this commit-able suggestion feature is quite nice :)

> - Removed deprecated `profiled_functions` argument from `PyTorchProfiler` ([#9178](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/9178))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Removed deprecated `profiled_functions` and `record_functions` arguments from `PyTorchProfiler` ([#9178](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/9178))
```

Author: @Borda The `record_functions` argument doesn't seem to be deprecated or due for removal. Did I miss something?

Reviewer 2: you were removing the warning which was referring to it...
